thank you for joining us we begin with
breaking news this hour the United
Nations Human Rights Council has just
adopted a resolution calling for Israel
to be held accountable for possible war
crimes and crimes against humanity
committed in the Gaza Strip 28 countries
voted in favor 13 abstained and six
voted against the resolution including
the US and
Germany I call for a vote on this text
and request from the Secretariat to open
the machine for delegation to express
their their
vote the vote is
closed and then resolution
l30 is adopted by the council by
28 yes 13 please please just I request
please uh
let me just announce the result for the
council if you wish so please so the
result are like it follows yes
28 abstention 13 and no six then the
resolution is adopted by the
council well all this comes after Israel
agreed to open two new Aid routes into
the Gaza Strip to allow in much needed
humanitarian assistance it followed a
phone call between US President Joe
Biden and Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu Biden called for an
immediate ceasefire and warned Netanyahu
that us Aid to Israel is conditional on
it taking steps to boost stage to Gaza
in the past few minutes the US Secretary
of State Anthony blinkin welcomed the
development saying they would be
monitoring the number of trucks going in
and out of the Gaza Strip